Bored?
Stupid?
How about a fulfilling career as a stunt double?
To break in to Vinewood...
You might just have to
break through a wind shield.
Cunning Stunt Academy is San Andreas'
oldest accredited stunt school.
We have classes in high speed accidents,
taking a baseball bat to the face,
getting shot,
knifed in the back,
falling off a building on fire,
and getting run over.
If you make it through our course,
you are ready for the big screen.
Make dull and vain famous people look cool
by dressing up as them and risking your
life and future health.
Then have your face
digitally removed on a green screen.
The Cunning Stunt Academy trains women too!
Have a nice rack?
Vinewood needs stunt tits...
to show when an A-list celebrity is too bashful,
or has pancake nipples.
The Cunning Stunt Academy.
Pain!
It's worth any price.